---
layout: post
title: PoliCTF - Pwnable[50] - Hanoi As A Service
---


The first programming challenge in the trendMIcro CTF (link), was the "Click the different Color" Game. The first page was:
 Landingpageprogramming100

We are going to see how to get to the final state, using a python script, recursive functions and high CPU levels.



And if we open the page source we could see some javascript code:

Onclick event in all the page;
Function to handle the click event.
secondcode

Whenever the user clicked on the image generate, the next page would test if the x and y coordinated were accepted, there was also a time-out mechanism (if you would take to long to select a tile you get redirect to the beginning).

The problem was, after you click the right tile you would get this:

secondtiles

and if you go on, until your eyes bleed..

thridtile

It would become impossible to see the different tile, for mortal geeks at least.

So I've come up with a script in python, to recursively check for the brightest tile, get the coordinates and send to the next page.

For that I've used the package PIL (Python Imaging Library (PIL)) that has the ability to check the R, G, B properties of a given position in the image. To calculate the brightness of a pixel you just sum the R,G,B and divide by 3.

def getXY(imgPath):
  #Open Image
  imag = Image.open(imgPath)

  #Convert the image te RGB
  imag = imag.convert ('RGB')

  #Get image Size
  (w, h) = imag.size

  listOfBrigh = []
  #Run for every 0.09 pixel the RGB and brightness calculation.
  #Ignore white and black pixels
  for i in frange(0,w, 0.09):
    for j in frange(0,h, 0.09):
      tmppixelRGB = imag.getpixel((i,j))
      R,G,B = tmppixelRGB 
      brightness = sum([R,G,B])/3 ##0 is dark (black) and 255 is bright (white)
      if R != "255" and G != "255" and B != "255" and brightness != 255:
        #Create a list of all the selected pixels
        listOfBrigh.append({"x":i,"y":j,"b":brightness})

  i = 0
  #Select the winning one (the brightest)
  for px in listOfBrigh:
    if px["b"] > i:
      tmpX = px["x"]
      tmpY = px["y"]
      i = px["b"]
  #print listOfBrigh
  return ( tmpX, tmpY, i)
After the function runs you will get the X and Y of the brightest tile, achieving the first goal.

By the way, I had to increase the resolution of the search, because at some point the images started to look like this:

fuckigntile

And if go around the picture 1 unit at the time you will get errors, thus the frange function in the previous script. Of course if you run this script with this level of detail, some extra computation is expected:

Screenshot from 2015-09-26 19-43-06

And it took, at least 15 minutes to the to the final state:

Screenshot from 2015-09-26 23-19-23

in the end: TMCTF{U must have R0807 3Y3s!}

Cheers, d0k.